>> We're here to explore who we
are (ECHOING) who we are who we
are.
Who are you, really?
What are you?
Where did you come from?
What are you made of?
Why is it that the
patterns in our bodies
are like the patterns we
see on the planet (ECHOING)
on the planet on the planet?
In the plants and the
animals, the life, the light,
it might flow (ECHOING) it
might flow it might flow.
Why is it that the
spiral of a galaxy
is the same as a nautilus shell?
What connects the
universe together?
What unites us (ECHOING) what
unites us what unites us?
We're all just figuring out
what's going on on the surface,
and what's going on
at the deeper layers.
We are an event horizon.
And then we become
the one, and the zero.
We complete ourselves.
We perceive ourself.
I know that I am.
I know that I've
been back there.
I know that I'm
going this direction.
And I have the power to choose.
And now, I can be conscious
of others (ECHOING) others.
A flowing field
of energy, moving
around and through my body--
that this energy is tangible.
You'll feel the tingle
of entanglement (ECHOING)
entanglement entanglement.
You begin to craft
your mind as a crystal,
as a structure that you
can fit things into.
>> Adam-- Adam Apollo.
>> Reuben Langdon.
>> Yes.
>> Yes, sir.
>> Martial artist, public
speaker, futurist, scientist,
teacher, programmer,
academy architect designer,
galactic ambassador,
cryptic encoder--
you've got so many
titles, it's amazing.
You wear many hats, my friend.
>> I do.
>> You wear them well.
>> Thank you.
>> We have you-- we just
came back from Contact
in the Desert.
You did an awesome number of
workshops and presentations,
and standing ovations
from the audience.
The interaction and
the talk, people
were saying Adam
Apollo, Adam Apollo.
How did you get to this
spot, where now you're
speaking at a UFO
conference, the largest one
you know we have now.
And you have so much
knowledge and information
on so many subjects,
from sacred geometry
to self-empowerment to
our galactic history
to coding and engineering,
as we were talking as well.
So wow.
What happened in between?
>> Yeah, ah, you know, a lot
of it started around the time I
was about 15 years old.
And as an early teenager, I
was a pretty disgruntled kid.
I was depressed.
I felt like a lot of what I
was being taught in school
were lies.
Teachers couldn't
give me the answers
that I was really looking for.
And I had gone through a pretty
intense life trauma, where
my stepmother, whom I was--
my dad's love of his life
died in a car accident,
while I was on my way
back from India,
spending a week or two
at this spiritual center.
And came out of this space
where I was experiencing things
that I hadn't quite
ever encountered before,
people spontaneously
bursting into song
and crying and having these
very cathartic experiences.
It really got me to start
questioning everything
in my life.
I had some really
intense questions
that had not been answered yet.
And I was lucky enough to have
a really amazing older friend.
His name's Chris Orellana.
He and I would sit
and philosophize,
talk about reality and the
nature of the universe.
So we set out to do
some experimentation,
said let's try--
let's try putting our
fingers together like this,
and focusing on the space
between our fingertips.
And just slowly
separate, and see
if we can maybe feel where
we're looking at that space.
And, of course, when I did
that as a 15-year-old kid,
and I felt this
tangible magnetic force
and tingling in my
fingertips, and then I
saw this stream of
smoky like light
moving between my
fingers, and instantly
something just popped
inside of my head.
I had full-body chills.
It was like I found the
force, and that it was real.
And my life instantly
changed overnight.
I suddenly could not stop
playing with my energy body.
And I was testing it.
And I'd put something
over across the room,
and then I'd see if I could
locate it with my hand.
We started doing
blindfolded martial arts.
And I started having all of
these downloads about energy,
how it moves and how it flows,
and where does this experience
of matter come from?
Where does the experience
of emotions come from?
How do we create
frameworks of thought?
And literally went on
a trail for a couple
of years of recovering
what I've come
to call my Akashic library.
And I realized I had
been storing away
my information and
all of my downloads
through my existence
in some kind of space,
that at the right time,
I could unlock that space
and regain that knowledge.
And I found that just
by doing a certain move
in a certain
direction, or focusing
energy in a certain way,
nature would respond to me.
The wind would blow
and flow, or a bird
would suddenly come out of the
place that I was focusing on.
And I realized that
I'm in communication
with the universe, and
was fortunate enough
to find different websites and
writings of different people
that not only confirmed some of
the experiences I was having,
but pointed me in the direction
of certain ancient spiritual
traditions, where people had
already had these experiences.
They'd already connected
to this fundamental field.
And I thought I was alone.
I was like, why isn't this--
this is not in school.
I'm not-- never
been taught this.
Nobody's ever told me this.
And yet I then, over
time, start to find out
that a lot of the
ancient Earth religion
traditions, from Druidry to
Wicca to indigenous cultures
around the world, and then
all the way, of course,
to the other side-- the Taoist
traditions, the martial arts
traditions, which has always
been a deep inspiration
and passion for me in my life,
this movement as a form of art.
And I found that
they all referenced
this fundamental
field, whether it
was called Chi or Prana
or Ki or Life Force
Energy or Great
Spirit, or you name it.
And I realized,
OK, this is real,
and this is something ancient.
And for some
reason, it's missing
from our current science and
our current understandings.
So I dove into science.
Where is this fundamental field?
Where is this energy?
And that search
led me to discover
that they were actually
pretty smart, after all,
and they were in
fact looking very
realistically at the
nature of spacetime,
and that ether was actually a
part of physics all the way up
until the early 1900s.
And discovered that
Einstein had basically
played a part in
wiping the ether out
from our physics
because of his work
in special relativity,
which proved how light
could interact with light.
But then 10 years
later, he comes out
with general relativity,
in which spacetime
is this fundamental fabric and
structure, and realizes, well,
of course, you can't have
this spacetime structure
and these fundamental properties
to spacetime without an ether.
>> So you've been on this
scientific quest to find
the missing links.
And from what I've seen
from this past weekend,
you've done a pretty good
job of connecting the dots.
>> Thank you.
>> What is the unified harmonic
matrix in Adam's Theory
of Everything, right?
Or is it-- is there--
are those doing the same, or--
>> So early on in this
process, I had a vision.
There was just this moment
where I kind of phased out,
and the next thing I knew,
I was in this vision.
And the vision
was showing me how
every layer of the
entire universe, starting
with my own eyeball and my own
body and the plane around me
and the Earth around me,
to how the moon rotates
around the Earth, to the
solar system, to the galaxy--
we're all connected
in similar patterns.
And then eventually, I began
to see the entire universe
as actually part of an
energetic thread that
was creating protons, creating
the fabric of space itself.
And then I saw how
the same patterns that
form the nucleus of an atom, and
the way that the electrons flow
around that nucleus
and chain together
to create amino acids
and DNA, is exactly
the same kind of rotational,
energetic, vibrational lensing
that we see as the
solar system is
traveling through the
galaxy, and rotating
and spiraling with other stars
in these very consistent,
high-level gravitational
relationships.
And I realized
through this vision
that showed me that the
smallest stuff in the universe,
being composed of the biggest
things in the universe,
that there is this
perfect connection
between the macrocosm
and microcosm, and also
the biocosm inside
of us, and then also
what I call the
metacosm, which is
sort of the space
in which we are
having our human experience.
And I started working to
put the pieces together
for how this pattern worked.
I began to realize
that my own discovery
process of energy and of
ether and of the nature
of the universe itself
progressed through a sequence
that I came to be
aware of was awakening
each one of my chakras,
one after another.
And each one of my
chakras I realized
was like a vibrational
energy structure
that connected to one aspect
of the physics of the universe
and the phenomenology
of our experience.
>> And all this
was in that moment?
>> The whole thing happened
literally in less than
a second, this huge vision.
But my translation of it,
and my understanding of it,
and the journey through
that my chakras,
and seeing how each one of these
micro and macrocosmic layers
fit to the chakra
understanding literally
happened over three years.
I came to a state
of sort of mastery
around it by the time I was 18.
And I decided to do my
senior project in high school
as The Unification of
Science and Spirituality
Through Unified
Field Theoretics.
>> Ther-- no, theory?
Physics?
Theory of spirituality
connecting
the dots between
different worlds?
>> Basically.
>> OK, one more time.
>> Yeah, sure.
It's the Unification of
Science and Spirituality
Through Unified
Field Theoretics.
>> Through Unified
And that's your paper.
When you were 18, you did.
>> Yeah, I was in high school.
>> In high school.
>> My teachers thought,
what is this kid doing?
He's studying
graduate-level physics
and integrating it with
spiritual traditions
from all over the world and
trying to form a unified field
framework?
I mean, I got a high grade.
I got like a 96.
>> Oh, that's great.
>> So not too bad.
Pretty good for a full
semester-long project.
>> Wow.
And but to have that
inspiration in those--
and ask those questions
at such a young age,
in your generation,
your time, you know--
>> Yeah, nobody was
asking these questions.
>> Exactly.
>> I found myself with friends
that became like apprentices
to me in high school, because
they wanted to learn what it
was that I was learning.
And these kinds of
things are not--
it was not just a
mental journey for me.
It was not just like
I'm going to figure out
how spacetime
works, and then I'll
provide a theory to everyone.
No, it was more like I was
experiencing reality showing me
a key.
And as I was
experiencing the universe
reflecting this key back to
me, miracles were happening.
>> Right.
Unlike some other scientists,
you had a unique perspective,
because you started physically
having these experiences.
And the physical
experiences of connecting
to the Chi and everything else
were helping feed the science.
The science was helping
feed the physical.
And you were--
>> That's right.
>> --on this path of
connecting those worlds.
>> Yeah.
And then I'd have
these friends that
were like what was that just
ha-- what did you just do?
What just happened just now?
And I'd start at the basics,
and I'd show them a ball of Chi,
and let them feel
it on their hand.
And they'd go like
dude, what is that?
Like what did you just--
>> Well, we had that
at the conference.
>> That's right.
>> You were teaching the
ba-- that same thing.
And just watching
everybody light up--
and I've been most of my
life a martial artist.
So I've done Qigong
and Tai Chi and Bagua
and all these different
martial arts that do that.
So I've had those lights go on.
But here you are,
super simplified--
I'd never seen it
presented in that way.
I've always done it
through this kind of stuff.
It was so beautiful
watching the light--
the light up of these
people that experience it
for the first time.
>> Yeah.
That's just step one.
>> I know.
>> I mean, I got-- that was
my first step when I was 15.
>> That's amazing, though.
>> And so where you can go
from there is pretty awesome.
>> On a bigger
scale, what other--
what are some of
these other ways
of your teaching, this--
these connecting the dots?
>> Well, you mentioned your
coming out here at Contact
in the Desert.
And to be honest,
I've been out speaking
for a very, very long time.
>> I know.
I first heard about you
in 2011 after seeing you
in Lightning in a Bottle.
I was so mesmerized.
I went online, and I started
seeing all the talks.
And you were talking at--
well, you've talked
at the White House.
What really sucked me in was you
were talking about starships,
holodecks, and--
>> Replicators.
>> --replicators,
which I, you know,
I'm a super hardcore Trekkie,
and grew up in that world.
>> Yeah, Gene Roddenberry's
a genius, by the way--
>> A genius.
>> --let me just say.
>> And you were just like
going into it, and I was--
I could see it.
I could-- I was--
I got so inspired by your talks.
And I think it--
it felt like it was
at a university or something.
You were on stage.
And you had your presentation.
>> Yeah, that was a talk I
did at the University of North
Carolina at
Asheville, Tech 2012--
Starships, Replicators
and Energy Systems.
>> Yes, that was it.
I think I watched
that like five times.
I loved it.
>> Thank you.
>> And why aren't you like--
like president, or at
least up there in that--
you know, you talked
so eloquently.
The information is solid.
It's scientifically proven.
I mean, I know a lot of
the scientific community
doesn't want to
fully go there yet.
But you are
connecting those dots.
>> Yeah, so it's taken a very
long time for the scientific
community to really
come on board.
And Nassim and I became friends
somewhere in the early 2000s,
2005, 2006.
And he, I felt like, was
the most on track of someone
who was really working out
the math and the science
of the physics, to be able to
start proving these things.
But in those days, I
also felt like he was
missing a lot of the equation.
And I could see
certain aspects of what
this quantum gravitational
lattice looked like that I
didn't hear him talking about.
And I didn't hear anybody
else talking about.
And that's where I really found
my own drive to do that work.
And I also realized that
one of the best ways
to do it was through education,
because this project got me
really thinking about
the importance of coming
at education from a
more holistic manner.
And I began to
look at the process
of learning from that framework,
and thinking about the fact
that in order to really
grasp or master knowledge,
you need to have a
physical experience of it,
an emotional experience of
it, a mental experience of it.
You have to have shared
it with somebody.
You've got to learn how
to communicate about it.
And usually once you've
gotten through all of that,
you start to have higher-level
realizations and insights
about what it is that
you're seeking to learn.
And that realization that
the chakras and our--
literally our energetic
body's framework
is designed particularly to
learn by adapting information
from many different aspects of
our connection with everything,
for how we can learn
holistically and integrate
all of the information that
we experience around us.
>> When and where
did the ET come in?
Because as we're here, you know,
talking to extra dimensionals,
in your fine example of
this extra dimensional
construct that I'm
doing with my series.
But--
>> (THICK ACCENT) We are all
very multi-dimensional beings.
>> Yes, yes, we all are.
So how did that--
when did that come into play?
>> I'd already, through my
explorations of science,
known that we're not
alone, and that there are--
there's got to be many,
many, many species out there.
Plus, I'd seen a few things
that definitely didn't appear
to be human to me in the sky.
And so going to
Steven Greer's talk,
meeting all of these people
who are taking this information
very seriously, and
they're investigating
these different
phenomena, and I began
to become really
curious about it myself.
Even still, I didn't
have much to go with,
besides here's people
disclosing this information.
Here's data.
But my personal
experiences were still
fairly limited to
just having seen
a ship flying through the sky.
>> At what point
in time did from--
you go from realizing
that the U--
that the UFO phenomenon
is real, from obviously
your experiences, but
just solidifying it with--
it's a big thing,
a lot of people
are having new experiences, to
your actual contact experience?
>> Yeah, that was 2005.
And the bridge to get there
was the past-life experiences
I started having in
2000 of Atlantis.
And that was really
the first one.
I was sitting in my
older friend's dorm room.
I was still in high
school at the time,
But he went to University
of North Carolina Asheville.
And so I was sitting
in his dorm room
with my other
friend, Charles Wu.
And the three of us were
kind of like brother magi
who worked with each other
to integrate and explore
a lot of these discoveries.
Each of them had
their own threads
on energy and metaphysics
and DNA and consciousness.
And so they were a great
sounding board for me
to explore what I
was discovering,
and also for me to integrate
the insights and knowledge
that they were gaining.
And we're sitting
in the dorm room.
We're talking about how it is
that manifestation happens,
and that it requires
a connection
between a physical state
and an emotional state,
or an etheric vibration,
and a mental state,
or an astral construct, a
geometry that's vibrating,
and then a physical place where
that action can come through.
And boom, manifestation happens.
And as we come kind of to this
full-dialed, clear realization,
suddenly it was as if the
walls just disappeared.
And we're all standing in
this huge, huge temple,
massive crystal pillars.
And we're standing
around this crystal altar
right in front of us.
And we're literally
storing these light codes
into this pillar, and
saving all of this knowledge
into this crystal
that's transmitting
the energy down into the Earth.
And all three of us, as
we snapped back out of it,
we're like whoa, Atlantis.
>> So the three of you had
just shared experience?
>> Yes.
>> Wow.
>> And we all had dreams
about it after that, too.
And the dreams involved
a lot more detail
of people going
down to the ocean,
and there are going to be
giants tsunamis coming,
and they were just surrendering.
Others had already
fled to the mountains,
and to the larger land masses.
And some of us were
in our temples,
storing this knowledge
for the future away.
Of course, at this time,
I was about like 17.
And I-- I didn't
really know what
to do with that information.
It was just another
data point, just
like all of the other
downloads and realizations.
I was just putting it
in my data library,
like OK, maybe I was
alive in Atlantis.
I've never even thought
about reincarnation.
But I started to at
that point consider it.
>> How did you start getting
these other snippets of this
reality of these past lives?
When did they start
coming through?
>> Yeah, so when
I was in college,
one of the times I was
sitting in the dorm room--
and by this time, I'm dating
the roommate, I'll also say.
And this girl, Rachel,
who's sitting on her bed,
who's the one I felt the
strongest attraction to,
I look over at her,
and all of a sudden,
I'm in a medieval ballroom.
And she has her
hair up in this bun,
and this elaborate,
beautiful dress.
And I could smell the oil
lamps burning on the walls,
and the mustiness of
the tapestries hanging.
I could feel the
pressure of my armor.
It was ornamental, like
ball-style armor, but still
armor, and the strap's pressure
on my body, ornamental sword
at my side.
And I'm discussing
with these two lords,
you know, with
goatees and beards,
and their own like family
crests on their arm,
how to protect grain trade
between these two cities,
between our lands.
And we are figuring out
how to stop these brigands
from basically assaulting our
grain trains as they were going
through this particular
valley, and trying to stop
the ambushes from happening.
As I looked over
at her, I knew this
was like the love of my life.
This is the woman that
I wanted to be with.
And she's giggling and
laughing with her two ladies,
and just every detail of
the feeling and the emotion
of how deeply I loved her,
and how deeply I was connected
to her, was right there.
And then I'm back
in the dorm room.
And I'm like
blinking, and looking
at the two 18-year-old
kids I'm sitting with.
They're looking at me.
And they say Adam, are you OK?
And I was like, I
need some water.
So I get up.
I go out into the hall.
And I go to the water fountain
that's like out in the hall.
And I'm drinking water, and
I'm just like, oh my god,
what just happened to me?
And I go back into the room.
And inside the door,
there's bathrooms
that are shared
between two dorm rooms.
And Rachel's in there
washing her face off.
And I look at her, and
she looks up at me.
And she's like
did you-- did you?
And I was like, oh
my god, you did too?
And I knew we'd
shared the experience.
And, of course, I'm
dating her roommate.
So this is the beginning
of quite a challenging time
period.
>> Yeah, it sounds like
a nice whole episode.
We could go off into many
episodes of this stuff.
>> Indeed.
And it was really just
the first trigger.
I then saw her across the
field in the middle of campus,
and she became a Japanese woman
with a basket behind her head.
And I was a samurai in a mask
with my katana and wakizashi
and my horse, watching
her walk to the village.
And I knew her husband
was beating her.
And I felt this intense
pain around that.
And then I went to
a Halloween party.
And we had a friend,
this guy John, who came.
And he gets really,
really drunk.
And neither-- none of us--
I-- she and I didn't really
even know him that well.
And we hadn't told anybody
about our experiences,
because I'm still trying to
break up with the roommate.
This is all happening
really fast.
And he gets just wasted.
And he starts crying
and apologizing to me
for all of these crimes he did
against me in the Middle Ages.
And as he's saying it, I'm
remembering him taking her
on his boat, and
basically seducing her,
and then like dealing
with that backlash.
And she comes back to me.
And now he's coming to
my castle with an army
to lay siege to my castle.
He's burning villages.
I stop it by getting him
to come in my courtyard
and battle me
one-on-one to the death.
And we killed each other.
And I ended it--
I knew that I was
either going to die,
or I was going to kill
him and maybe die.
And I remember the
exact way it happened.
I remember opening
up, just like this,
and letting his
sword go into my gut,
and then cutting him through,
and falling to the stones,
and seeing her face crying,
and remembered leaving my body.
And actually seeing myself
laying there, and her,
and having this experience
of crossing over
into the spirit world.
And since he had no
idea any of these things
that she and I
were going through,
and he's calling us by
our names from that time,
I knew that this was something
I had to take very seriously,
and began to research myself.
And actually track it--
this was not just some
fantasy of liking a girl
and wanting to be with her.
It was real memory of real
times and real emotions
and real experiences that
I needed to deal with now.
>> How did you deal with that?
Did you end up hooking
up with Rachel?
>> Lots of deep breaths.
I did.
She and I ended
up being together
some months after all of this,
and after the storm passed
of breaking up
with her roommate.
They were best friends.
And, of course, us discovering
that they were both born
on the exact same day
within hours of each other,
and that the guy that I thought
that Rachel was into when
we first started all hanging out
was born on the same day as me
within a couple hours of me.
And as that synchronicity
surfaced, it all made sense.
We just kind of got
some wires crossed.
But that there was some deeper
purpose for us being together.
And over the years,
Rachel and I--
we were together for
about 4 and 1/2 years--
we experienced many, many,
many lifetimes of memory,
and had to process through a
lot of karmas with each other,
and with people that were
coming into our lives
and remembering us, or that
we would remember them.
And started to rebuild
this sort of soul family
at a really deep
level, where many of us
had been together
lifetime after lifetime,
and needed to find each
other again now-- sometimes
to resolve things, and
other times really just
to gain that level of depth
of connection and knowledge
of each other.
>> Yeah, because it
was-- if it was just you,
you wouldn't be able to
get that full realization.
You'd have to have somebody
to reflect off of, right?
Or several people, in the
sense of the other friend.
>> You need data.
You need data if
you're good to trans--
what I came to
understand is I was
doing transpersonal psychology.
And in transpersonal
psychology, you need data.
I can't remember exactly what
happened to me in kindergarten.
But if I hang out
with a friend who
I went to kindergarten
with, we could
talk about kindergarten
all day, because we'll
remember the different
things that we went through
at that time--
>> Bounce it off of each other.
>> With each other, yeah.
>> Right, right.
What happens next?
>> So I went on a
journey for many years,
integrating these past-life
memories and aspects of myself.
And that journey led me through
a lot of amazing experiences,
including holding sacred fire
ceremony with indigenous elders
from around the world to doing
the Prayer Runs for World
Peace with Arvol Looking
Horse and his family,
and helping his
daughter organize those.
And that journey to the
Black Hills of South Dakota,
the first Prayer Run
for World Peace in 2005,
led me to the west coast.
And that got me to go to
Burning Man for the first time.
And I'm experiencing
this space that
is one of the most incredible
expressions of human creativity
on the planet.
Just every aspect
of the city is built
from somebody's
imagination, and created
into this amazing temple
or play space or whatever.
And it can be anything
you could imagine.
So there's Greek temples.
There's old Japanese tea rooms.
There's spaces from different
cultures and time periods,
you know, whiskey piano
bars with cowboys.
And talk about an
amazing space to work
with how your
consciousness integrates
many different
aspects of yourself
and many different times.
And this led to the night
of the burn, where the man
himself is burned.
And everybody runs around the
man, and just huge parties.
And it's an amazing experience.
But I went into
that night knowing
that there were some
deeper symbolic nature
to this burning of the man.
And I decided to make it a
spiritual journey that night,
and to really, really go to
the fire as a spiritual fire,
and run and dance
around the fire,
and chant and practice my inner
work, develop my inner energy,
and to use that as the fuel
of the magic for my experience
that night.
Where many people would be
just like taking heavy drugs
or getting drunk
or doing whatever,
I really wanted it to be
the peak of my experience.
And so I wanted to be as clear
and as grounded and as totally
present as possible.
And that led me to meeting
my mother and father
from the age of Atlantis.
I walked back to my camp
after the man had burned.
And I'd been in this
shamanic state of chanting.
And I was in this very deep
state of stillness in myself.
And he walks, my father walks
into the camp at the same time.
And it's somebody that I knew.
But as he approaches
the camp, I see him
and know him as my father.
And we're in this
deep, ancient forest.
And he has slightly
pointed ears,
and looks kind of half elven.
And I realize I do too,
and that this is my father.
And as soon as we see
each other, we just know.
Both of us instantly know.
And we hug each other.
And it was this deep,
powerful, potent hug.
This led to a process
where he and I went
about clearing this
karma with my mother
from Atlantis, who
interestingly enough,
we both realized was
a woman that we'd
interacted with separately
and individually
on the playa that year.
But we both knew
who exactly it was.
And as we went through
this journey of healing
this relationship with her,
and the attachments that she
had with us, the cables
that she had placed on us
or in us to try to keep us
aligned to the family mission
that we had at that
time, and broke away
from that, the pain
of that breakaway
was somehow still there
among us, the three of us.
>> The gentleman who represented
your father and hugged you,
did he also again have
this shared experience?
>> Oh, yeah.
He knew that he was my father.
And we both knew
immediately that we just
had this memory in order to
clear this karma with my mother
from that time.
>> Wow.
>> So we sought out to find her.
>> OK, that night?
>> That night.
>> OK.
>> That's what we did next.
>> After you had your bro-hug?
>> It's time.
Let's go find Mom, and
let's clear some stuff.
You know, so we go to the places
where we thought she might be.
We even had her like
water bag with us.
And she wasn't there.
And we ended up just kind of
heading out into the playa,
because we felt like
maybe she's there
at that fireplace
in the distance.
There seems to be a lot of
people converging there.
Let's go there.
And on the way, we started
talking through the healing
process--
the releasing of the
attachments, the why we--
why we needed to go, and
why we needed to leave her,
and where the pain had come
from, and energetically
started working with the field
of where and how in our bodies
this pain was
stored in both of us
that we both felt really deeply.
And we found that this
giant fire sculpture
that we were heading towards
out in the middle of the desert
was a massive phoenix.
And it was the wings
of a phoenix coming up
and the belly of a phoenix.
And she wasn't there.
And we decided that we were
going to leave the water there.
We were going to
finally drops the thing.
We're going to let go, done.
You know, this is enough.
We don't need to
carry this anymore.
This is the final step.
Let's put this with the fire.
And we left her stuff
there with the fire,
and walked out of the
phoenix, and sort of
were reflecting on
the healing experience
that we'd been through.
But I still felt like
this deep, hollow space,
like as if I'd just gutted
a bunch of old funk out
of my body or my system, and
now I was like empty and hungry,
and as if there is a
hole in my auric field.
And he felt the same way.
And we found ourselves
walking towards
this beautiful sculpture
set of a mother, who
had fire pouring
out of her hands,
into the hand of an
upstretched child.
And we just went before
this beautiful mother altar.
And I went down on the ground,
and put my head on the ground.
And instantly, I was
going into the earth.
And I felt Gaia.
I felt the mother of the
planet, and the infinite mother,
the true mother enfolding
me and wrapping me in light.
And she just literally filled
up my entire body with energy.
She filled all the holes,
patched all the wounds.
And it was like I'd somehow
taken this false replacement
of my mother, that was my
first human mother, as I
would come to discover--
with-- with-- I'd
somehow put her
in the way of my connection
to this Gaia mother,
and this deeper mother.
And not permanently,
but it was--
there was some piece
there that was cut off.
And as I had this
experience, I heard
her voice say get up, and run
back through my footsteps.
And I get up off the ground.
And my friend Willie, he
looks at me, and we're like--
and we both hear it.
We stand up.
And we run around her.
And we start running
through the desert,
and realizing that she
had flaming footsteps laid
into the playa that was
part of this art piece.
And as I ran back
through the footsteps,
I became very, very
aware of the fact
that I'd had this journey
through time from Atlantis,
and to now, and I was thrown
into these memories of how
I had moved through
all of these lifetimes,
and how I had faced these major,
intense moments of struggle
and pain, of killing someone,
or almost being killed.
And had to come to a
place of reconciliation
around all of it.
And in that process
of getting there,
I knew that there was something
before Atlantis, something
that I needed to discover.
And the only way I
could discover that
was to go out into the middle
of the desert on my own.
So I run out into the middle
of the desert by myself.
I leave Will.
We're cool.
He's got his own
journey to go on.
And as I'm running, I start
experiencing my partner's body
as my own body,
this woman that I
had been on this
lifetime journey
with through Earth's lifetimes.
And I'm experiencing her as me.
And she's not there, of course.
She's sleeping in her bed in
Asheville, North Carolina.
And yet later, months later
after this experience,
she was dreaming that she
was in the desert with me,
and having this
experience with me.
And we come to this art
piece, which was like a prism,
and a rainbow of light
coming out of the ground.
And for some reason,
I was just guided.
I mean, everything was
like guidance right now.
You know, you just do what you
know you're supposed to do.
So I go, and I stick
my head in this thing.
And suddenly I'm in
the Sirian Star System,
on this planet that I'd had
a dream about in high school,
where there was two sons.
And I had a house
and an observatory.
And I'm there, sitting in the
observatory, where you could--
even with the brightness of the
sun's sky, in the observatory,
you could see the different star
patterns through the ceiling.
And I'm sitting across from her.
And we are literally
weaving our chakras together
like a DNA strand,
forming a bond
to get ready to travel
to another planet,
and leave our bodies.
We're going to die, and go and
incarnate in another world.
And that world is Earth.
And as I'm seeing
this weaving happen,
we both decide that it's
time to unweave this knot.
It's time to let this bond
go that we came to this world
with, this contract that
had somehow bound us,
to help us remember who we are,
and to remember each other,
and to remember why we came.
And so I began
seeing an unweave--
and we're sitting
across from each other--
unweaving this field.
And as soon as it releases--
and I'm saying I free you.
I free you, Ristar Amarisa.
I free you.
And speaking to
her all these names
that I had remembered of
these different lives.
And I'm hearing her speaking
my names across lives.
And as it releases, suddenly
it was like [WHIRRING]..
And I had all these
flashes of her memories
as a woman across all of
these different times--
as a geisha, and as a
priestess, and in her services,
and in her work, and
in her inner self,
and as a mother bearing a
child, and all these flashes
of being a woman.
And she, in that dream, at home,
got all these downloads of me,
and her as me-- as a man,
as a warrior, as a king,
as a leader, as a sage,
doing all of the things
that I had done.
And along with all of those
downloads of Earth memories,
I became unshakably
clear about the fact
that I was a Sirian ambassador.
I was from another star system.
And I remembered quite clearly
having a ton of my friends
and family from
different worlds all
planning to go to
Earth together,
and making this pact
that we're going,
we're gonna meet up there.
And it's the middle of
the Ice Age on Earth.
And this civilization
is building up.
And technology is building up.
Culture is building up.
A renaissance is happening.
And we saw that it was possible
that in this time on Earth,
people could make
a leap to becoming
part of our galactic community.
It was the greatest show
to be part of on Earth.
We all wanted to come in and to
help that process and support
humanity in making
that great transition.
And that is why I
came to this planet.
>> So at that time, the vision
you were seeing was sort
of a potential of us having
that galactic connection at that
time?
Which I guess it sounds like
we did, to a certain extent.
>> We did, to an extent.
>> OK.
>> But--
>> But not fully?
>> --we didn't make the
leap of having full galactic
technologies, and actually
having humanity join the rest
of this council of species.
The Earth wasn't
ready for it yet.
I look at that time as the
fall of the Tower of Babel,
where we're trying to reach
the gods, so to speak.
But it's not some anger of
an angry guy trying to cash--
cast people back
down to their place.
It's much more like
Gaia's energetic body
just simply wasn't ready.
And I look at it as her
throat chakra blowing open.
And that opening for her meant
lots of new water, and also
lots of new communication
and languages,
and going deeper into the
understanding and the communion
with the lands that was
required for the people to do.
Because there were so
many people coming in who
were star beings
from other worlds,
and they hadn't had the time
to really get to know her.
And so many of us chose
to stay, of course,
after that cataclysm.
>> And sort of go through
the next cycle, going deeper,
connecting--
>> All the way to now.
>> All the way to now--
fascinating.
So to actually
have those visions,
to have those experiences, to
relive those emotions, what
was it like when you were
feeling those emotions to come
here, but then you must have
at some point realized that--
I hate to use the word failed,
but that that point in time,
that Atlantian time when we--
you know, if your
mission is to come here
to connect to our
galactic family,
and whoops we didn't quite--
we connected, but not really.
And here we are,
26,000 years later--
>> 13.
>> 13,000 years later, going
now we're getting to do it,
you know.
>> Yeah, and that's it.
>> That's it?
>> I didn't feel a
sense of failure.
I felt my god, it's time now.
And so I wanted to
go and make contact.
I was now standing in
the middle of the desert.
I've just freed a soul
bond with a soul partner
that I've had for 13,000 years.
I have memory of who I am
as a galactic ambassador.
And it's time for me to go
have a talk with my family,
and find out what's
the schedule?
Where we at?
Is it time or what?
>> I've heard this
about Sirians.
I heard that they--
you know, this coming
through, at least around where
the channelings are at,
they have the patience, more
patience than any other
star system out there.
And they like to watch the grass
grow, so they say, you know.
Or not like to, but they can.
They have no problem
watching the grass grow.
>> Oh, yes.
>> So you guys have the patience
to sit 13,000 years and sort
of see it come through.
How do you feel
now about things?
>> If you sing long enough to a
tree, it will become your home.
This is a saying that we
have in the Sirian System.
And I knew that the time
cycle was essential,
for all of us that
had come here,
to really get to know
this beautiful library
of consciousness that is Earth.
And without having had
that time, who knows?
I would never really
know humanity.
And also, so many of
these star species
that came in, whether from the
Sirian System or the Pleiades
or the Arcturian
System, or Helios
or from the Yahoian System--
all of these different
star people that came here,
it also gave them an
opportunity to get
to know each other
as the same species,
on one world where you don't
have a ship that you can just
go bail.
>> Yeah, yeah, if things
get tough, right--
>> Yeah, if things get tough--
>> --you gotta work it out.
>> --you gotta face it.
You gotta face the truth.
>> Wow.
So that-- it sounds
like having those--
again, going to this full
package of, you know,
Adam's theory of everything,
the unified field, now you're
connecting in past
life emotions,
not just the current life
emotions, past life emotions,
geometry, frequency, vibration--
you know, the whole
gamut of things.
And you're able to now connect
the dots through the chakra
systems connecting
to the colors,
connecting to the emotions.
>> Well, I came to find in
the years following this night
and the experiences
that I had that night,
that so much of my knowledge
was knowledge I had brought from
other worlds.
And I'd been keeping
this library for much
longer than I could remember,
even across galactic lifetimes,
and been a teacher
of it, and used
it to develop new technologies--
starship engines and piloting
systems.
And I'd always felt
like there was some call
to doing higher
technology development,
beyond website
building and branding.
But that night was
also a gateway to what
that might actually look like.
I went deeper into the desert.
And I found--
>> So the same night?
>> The same night.
And I found an art piece that I
knew for some reason was there
for me to do this work with.
And the art piece looked like
a pyramid, from a distance,
with a light shooting
out the top of it.
But as I got closer to it,
I realized it was a cone,
and it had laser light
projecting stars rotating
and swirling around it.
So it looked like a
transparent vortex of stars
going up and then
shooting into the sky.
Stargate temple,
perhaps, anyone?
And went inside this space,
and began a process inside
of this space of seeing--
I began to really use
the space outside of me
as a mirror of what
I was trying to do
inside my own consciousness.
And inside this space, there
was a certain lighting pattern
going on in the ceiling.
And I could tell immediately
that this lighting pattern was
somehow being manifested
by these two discs, control
panels that were in the space.
And that while there was light
coming from both of them,
one was cut off from the rest
of the entire light network that
was above me in the space.
And I knew that that was a
symbolic mirror of our star
system, and our
experience here on Earth,
and how we feel so separated
from everything else out there.
And yet all around us
is life in communication
and in connection.
And so I set out to fix this
problem inside this space
as a metaphysical
practice to actually
engaging the communication
between our worlds
and these other
species out there.
And it's a long story
of how this went down.
But it involved basically
toning to these control panels
with other people that came
into the space with me.
And through doing that,
we reactivated them,
and a series of
downloads happened.
And other people came
in at the right moment.
And in this process, we
finally built a bridge
between these light networks.
And this sort of static,
linear, human way of thinking
found a bridge to the
rotational, cyclical,
synchronistic sort
of way of thinking
that the galaxy embodies.
And it was literally
sitting there,
looking at this last piece of
light show up in the space.
And I'm sitting with
a guy who said to me,
you know, right
now in my life, I
feel like I've done
everything, and anything
could happen right now.
Anything could happen,
and I'd be open to it.
And the download I
got from that was
wow, I wonder how many
people are like that,
where they just are
tired of their lives.
They're tired of what's
happened to them,
and anything could happen.
And what if it's
that openness, what
if it's just that little
piece of I'm open to anything
right now that's needed
for us to make contact?
And I smiled at him,
and I looked up.
And there was a woman
standing in the space study.
And she was looking at me, but
she was not human (ECHOING)
not human not human.